Okay, everybody. Uh, this is the June
17th Board of Finance meeting. It's 9:00
a.m. 9:01. Huzzah. Uh, we're here to do
Millate Stuff. So, let's get it started
with the pledge of allegiance. I pledge
allegiance to the flag of the United
States of America and to the republic
for which it stands, one nation under
God, indivisible, liberty and justice
for all.
>> Very good. Um, I'm sure we have a public
speak. I didn't even look at the agenda.
I'm sure we have a public speak on
there, but I don't see any members of
the public. So, we'll just move right
on. Um to setting the Miller rate,
right? So, does anybody have any
questions about how I arrived at the
figure? Because I'm happy to walk you
through it real quick. Um real quick, I
mean, I could screen share and show.
>> Yeah, if you if you could. I
>> Yeah, sure. No problem. Let me let me
screen share
>> just so everybody else I did.
>> Okay.
>> So, first things first. First things
first,
>> this is the RAM levy sheet that I got
right after their um last change. Okay,
so there there's two numbers for Andover
as usual, right? There's the operating
number here, 4,7921,
right? And then there's the levy of for
the um capital down here, 49,910.
So what I did was I took those two
numbers and sorry, this is um Lisa's
chart with my revision. So there's
there's sort of stuff all over the
sides, but I'll explain. So if you take
that those two numbers here they are and
you tally them, you get 4,121131.
That is 32,187
less than the number that had been on
this chart when Lisa last updated it.
How do I know this? Well, I double
checked it. I took her number and here,
let me see if I can show you. I don't
know if you can see up here the formula
that I did, right? Her number was
4153318.
I subtracted 32187,
right? And it gets you to 4,12131.
They match.
So up here, what I needed to do was take
the total expenditure number and remove
32,187,
which I did over here off in column G.
Ignore these. This is just me
calculating like percent increase. So 30
So 13 million 306225 is the total
expenditure. 10 million 99,572
I believe is what we need to raise by
taxation and that results in a mill rate
of 31.58.
It is you know there's still an increase
to the level of taxation. It's just um
you know we have a grand list increase.
So that's why the mill rate increase and
the mill rate slight decrease and the
taxation increase. That's why there's a
mismatch. A couple people were confused
by that, but that's because of the grand
list going up slightly between last year
and this year. So we have a little bit
more of a broader tax base. Airgo more
revenue.
So I I was hoping Lisa would make this
call. She isn't. So um I'm I'm pretty
confident in what I did. Does anybody
have any questions? Think I think I did
anything that you're not following?
>> Makes sense.
>> I mean, the main thing for me was
figuring out what our levy decrease was
because all the other numbers
uh in Lisa's last update, you know, are
good.
>> Sure.
>> So, that's literally the difference. Um
I think her calculation was 31.68 or
something like that, which if you think
about it makes sense. One mil is
$319,000, right? So point, you know, 0.1
mills would be $31,900,
right? And we're talking about 32,187.
It's almost exactly right. It all it
basically matches in every which way. So
I 31.58 is the mill rate we need, I
believe. So, what I'd like to do, um,
and again, in the interest of just kind
of moving things along and then getting
us through this, I'll just go ahead and
make the motion. I move that we formally
set the t the mill rate for the uh 2627
fiscal year to 31.58.
>> I'll second it.
>> Okay. I move seconds. Oh, I don't have
to narrate because we have uh we're
being watched.
I'm so used to the narration. All right.
Um, do we have any further discussion on
that? Again, any questions, guys, before
I move on, before we go take a vote.
Great.
Hearing none, we'll go ahead and call
for a vote. Heather, you in?
>> Yep.
>> Sounds good. Louise,
>> yes.
>> Tim,
>> Nick,
>> who is muted?
>> Yes.
>> All right. Bill.
>> And I'm also a yay. So, we will pass
that. That's um 6 because we're missing
Liz.
Motion passes.
>> Perfect.
>> Okay.
>> I believe that was the only item on the
agenda. Um did anybody actually look I'm
sorry. I was so busy making sure I had
my spreadsheets up I didn't look at the
agenda, but I I believe that was the
only item that we needed to take action
on today.
>> Does public speak at both ends?
>> Yeah, that I I was going to Yeah,
there's no public there's no public
here. So,
>> sounds good.
>> I make a motion that we adjourn.
>> I'll second that.
>> Fantastico. Uh, let's take a vote. Uh,
I'm in favor.
>> I'm in favor.
>> Very good.
>> You're good. Kim?
>> Yes.
>> Nick?
>> Yep.
>> Huzzah. Thank you all for showing up at
9:00 a.m. to do the business of the
town. Okay,
>> we'll see you at the next regularly
scheduled meeting. Bye, guys.
>> Bye.